[Music]
welcome back to let's play alley or
sophie my name is karsten
i did a very quick off-screen test
and what i found i i didn't save
afterwards
uh but what i found is that it looks
like this
is multi-target and this is single
target
so i'm going to make one of these
and that one may be better for bosses
once i get up a few more alchemy levels
this
is probably going to be your best bet
right now
i might want to make a nice noble
sapphire with some good
uh
good things for uh
for aoe stuff
[Music]
but we'll see um
[Applause]
[Music]
i wasn't paying too much attention
before
actually what i might want to do is i
might want to make a make a better pony
missile
because that's blue i don't think there
are any
good blue metals here
but i i think i might just grab
something just for stats on that
[Music]
so
i think i'll have critical on here
let's see which bomb will we do i think
effective versus many
do you have a few of the effective
versus mini right
no i only have one of those
these are the best ones right now
[Music]
and those are level let's see what about
this
the ice bomb
if we uh unequipped that you can tell i
didn't do this off screen
uh that is a blue item
so if we unequip the ice bomb
we look into making one of these
that is level 25
[Applause]
[Music]
which is better than the uh
the puny missile so i might want to
make one of those that's good
[Music]
i think i will make some neutralizer b
what materials to use
let's sort by quality
i think i'll use some of these
and what we want if we happen to see any
[Music]
what do we have here that's not going to
matter
it's not something we necessarily want
to use up on this
but we have two there that are
essentially identical
um area bonus plus
i wonder if we can combine multi-bonus
with anything else if we have any i
wonder do we have anything here that has
multi bonus
[Music]
[Applause]
pre-bonus effective versus many
[Music]
[Applause]
so if we do critical plus plus
and
[Music]
if we filter maybe just by critical
we'll go ahead and get that in there
yeah we'll add that one in
[Music]
[Applause]
and we'll include one of these
[Music]
and
[Applause]
[Music]
if we filter by maybe
let's see is that is that a combined
or
[Music]
yeah let's see if we have that now none
of those are blue and i want to stick
with blue
because i want to see if we can get
those bonuses up
how about that and
just that one doesn't increase that a
lot
is this good but we'll go ahead and give
that a try
we will want to use the fairy cauldron
okay let's start
and we'll start with
let's start with that this is good
we will proceed to do
this yeah this looks good
[Music]
and there i think
[Applause]
actually i think it's better to go here
[Music]
there we go is this good add poison
material each other plus five there we
go
not bad all right i'll finish it now
done now what traits to transfer
[Music]
[Applause]
oh i didn't realize that was in there
that's going to be interesting to have
on there
[Music]
oh we have plus plus and regular
um
[Music]
let's do that
okay it's finished
so with those made
now if we were to make an ice bomb what
material should i use
let's go ahead and sort these by quality
[Applause]
area bonus is
[Music]
yeah we want effective versus mini and
multi bonus ideally
do we have any of those
we have effective versus mini
[Music]
and
um
let's just go with uh
[Applause]
let's go with that one no
that's only nine uh we'll go with that
one
that is effective versus many so over
here
[Music]
those are worth 36 hmm
so if we do oh it's only gonna have one
neutralizer in it
that one is higher quality
that one gets us a bit more we'll go
with this one
now over here we have effective versus
many
and if we do filter here with trait
we want
i could put in stable effect plus but i
think what we actually end up
wanting it us get past it
i think i skipped past no i didn't
[Applause]
area bonus and effective versus many now
over here we have
[Music]
i should have checked this to begin with
area bonus area bonus plus an effective
versus mini
and effective versus mini is just both
of those right
[Music]
[Applause]
so we already have effective versus
winning
so do we have one of these that has a
critical plus
because maybe we can sneak that in there
[Music]
[Applause]
um not going to give a lot of bonus
but that'll be okay for
this stage in it
[Music]
let's filter by
quality increasing things
[Music]
now only that red one
um we'll go with it really okay
which cauldron is not something i would
normally do
but this is just gonna be going into
another item anyway okay then
let's start
yeah this is good
[Music]
all right this is going well
yeah let's see we'll put this one
all right they're going well
and i guess
[Music]
here no i think here may be your best
bet
right this is going well
and then there yeah
is this really okay all right i'll
finish it now
what trades to transfer so we want
increased quality
effective versus many
and maybe stability emphasis
okay saying wait no critical 50
chance to critical hit we'll do that
[Music]
that's interesting the uh
and either there isn't a plus and a plus
plus for critical or
that just overrides the the uh
order of them but we'll do this for
right now
it's really not perfect there's i'm sure
other things you can do to really push
how powerful these are
[Music]
eat a snowflake crystal
okay
i'm sure that's in here somewhere there
we go what material should i use
you can assert by quality
[Music]
and that one probably
[Applause]
[Music]
and
we filter by that
[Music]
[Applause]
go ahead and use that one
hmm
i guess
[Music]
[Applause]
which cauldron is best okay then let's
start
[Music]
so we'll start by putting that one in
well
[Music]
and then i think
there right this is going well
i'm mainly doing this to get
yeah this is going great let's see this
one
i think we'll go
yeah we'll just put it there yeah this
is going great
and then this here
[Music]
because the more things i have covered
the higher quality
what traits should i add we'll do pro
perfection to increase that quality
[Applause]
[Music]
uh let's see what else do we want in
there
[Applause]
um probably won't use that but we'll
throw it on there actually let's
throw in the plus plus critical and
[Music]
maybe
let's see low price
in case i end up wanting to duplicate it
though i think this only makes one
i don't think it really matters for this
how's this yeah this is all done
oh no it does make two okay so in case i
end up wanting to duplicate with that
extra one later
i can do that now
oh nope i can't because it takes two of
them
now for this
[Music]
effective versus many
and we want to filter this to
yeah all we have unless we want to throw
an area bonus
but can we do that yeah we can do that
see if that combines into anything
useful
[Music]
let me include that one in there
[Applause]
and this one for the quality i think
[Music]
and one of these for the area that it
covers
will this go well now which cauldron
okay
i'll try it maybe i shouldn't have
[Applause]
alright this looks great start with that
put that one there
[Applause]
[Music]
let's see actually we won't start that
way
we will start with
that this looks great
[Music]
all right put that one there
no we'll put this one
do i have any that are diagonal no i
don't
put that there
going great that one there
all right into there
[Music]
all right this looks great
have this down in the corner which makes
that one blue
and there we go will this go well
what traits should i transfer so what we
want we want effective versus many
[Music]
[Applause]
i think that's
the main thing that i want there is
effective versus many
uh we can bring in other things later so
for this
we'll do pro-perfection
and quality up is this really okay does
that
yeah that does really okay so we have a
quality 249
bomb that we're going to be
incorporating all right
it's done into our
god's gift
what materials to use
[Music]
these are basically the same
this one is marginally higher quality
[Music]
these i don't think there's any
difference on number
that one is better higher number
higher area so include that one
now this bomb we made
[Music]
has effective versus mini and we want
if we sort this by size because we don't
want
this to take up a lot of space
maybe
[Music]
so effective versus mini do we have
anything
useful on here super quality
but no
[Music]
[Applause]
i use count plus one
[Music]
and that's effective versus many as well
[Applause]
[Music]
but what i saw on there that looks
interesting
is if we do destruction up and
destruction up
register instruction at plus and plus
plus
will that give us anything useful
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm hoping so
[Music]
now for here
what do we want to do uh we can do use
count plus two
[Music]
and actually
we have destruction up plus on that so
if we take that out
use this for a destruction up plus
use that one that's slightly higher
quality now here
[Music]
we will have a use count plus one there
was a use count plus one here right
[Music]
[Applause]
and we'll do that
[Music]
not perfect
cauldron should i use but we will give
it a try
very not perfect especially as these are
going to
cause some annoying color changes
oh this this is good
i will deal with that good
now
if we put this here this looks good
yeah there good
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
[Music]
that'll get rid of that
but there's really only one place for
the other one
maybe if i
[Music]
yeah just kind of sacrifice that speed
down
and i guess we'll put
this one here this looks good
and not really a lot of great places for
this one
oh down here
[Music]
is this good no what we'll do
if i put this one here yeah
this looks good
no i think it's still better to do that
meteors medium break and consume a small
amount of sp
not necessarily perfect
in fact
is it worth yeah this looks good doing
that instead is this good
yeah i think that is better because you
get following question marks
medium break and still consume small sp
so that's
all right you spent me at basically an
entire episode
making this what trades to transfer
it's not multiply intense destruction
[Music]
now do we want 50 chance to critical
now that only increases item effect by
17 percent after all that
[Music]
and that does it fifteen per target so
that's actually much better
[Music]
multiply so count six
at 17 defective versus many
and a 50 chance to critical is this okay
i say we go with that
okay it's finished
so that is going to be our attack item
[Music]
and if we check its encyclopedia entry
let's see
i do want two of them uh just
actually probably maybe even more than
two
[Music]
can i get here before night time no
so let's actually
[Music]
[Applause]
come to think of it let's check the cafe
at night and then i actually want to
wander around at night
welcome which request will you accept
hmm
[Music]
yeah i'll turn that in i can always make
another
i think i only made that to make it
ah
no not giving you them
no yeah i can turn into some of these
though
[Music]
thanks welcome
all right now rumors
[Music]
oh what the heck let's give it a try is
that rumor okay
worst that happens is we die horribly
is that yeah
okay
well i'll we'll check that
out now
let's just try talking to everyone and
so talk to everyone during the day
let's see if someone at night gives
anything useful for ideas
[Music]
not a lot of people out at night
and check over can't even go inside the
church at night
[Music]
can't go inside many places at night
he's just the artist still yeah
anything over here there's someone over
here
[Music]
oh oh
necromancer flute okay
well that's nice
[Music]
it looks like the other one i guess it's
kind of like that
beast horn thing whatever except it i
guess someone's ghosts or something
[Music]
let's rest until morning so i can
register that
go down here and talk to corey
[Music]
what are now let's see what can we clear
out
[Music]
yeah i guess we'll clear that out we
have a bunch of these
[Music]
and let's register
okay for a second i didn't see it i'm
like please let me register this
okay register that it is expensive
but i don't plan on using
a lot
[Music]
i mean only two people in our party can
use it anyway but i definitely need to
make more money before i can
buy another now
equipment
see you are limited
i think i will give it to sophie
because pluckta has other skills she can
use that are useful
that's the multiply few and many i will
give
this one the undead
no heel single target just so we have a
bit of variety there
[Music]
okay we'll go with that set up
head back to the outlier and after
spending an
entire day an entire episode crafting
one item essentially
we will end it for now i do hope you
enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlier
sophie my name is karsten
we've just made a new bomb and
we have a rumor of a new boss to get
murdered by
in the sealed temple so let's go see
how badly we get destroyed
[Music]
where do you intend to go next is that
over this way
down here where is okay i'm not seeing
it
probably went right by it a couple
times oh this is seal temple
okay i was looking for the um
[Music]
what what it's on the way there
okay it's on the way there
[Music]
all right well
okay we definitely are using that
and that's
grave soul and spam squall shot
quick i'll blow you all away
i'll be your opponent come on
[Music]
no heel crap
do i have anything that cures no heal
[Music]
i'm gonna use that
here's a status hamlet yes please
and reduce attack power let's
let's um maybe focus on that guy
actually
and you keep doing a squall shot
that won't kill monica but oh it's
secure
i'll use this
okay you'll be fine with this
i did a nice chunk of damage i'll go
first
did a really nice chunk of damage
[Music]
all right
okay here's what we're gonna do we're
gonna spam that again
[Music]
you're gonna do drilling shovel
we're gonna do blessing on pluckta
[Music]
because that does a ton of damage
and if i can keep doing that a few more
times
what
[Music]
stop now
does that happen multiple times
okay so is that happening again
uh will that that's gonna happen after
one of those okay
[Music]
actually you know what
uh yeah we'll keep doing that
no what i meant to do is go into
defensive mode
and keep doing that we'll do two-hander
skyfall shovel
no uh
relaxing herb
and blessing just to cover everything
[Music]
oh
that does a lot of damage
i cannot hold that
[Music]
start speeding through some of these
animations
[Music]
oh that's nice it might have been nicer
earlier but
i'll take it
all right
[Music]
on the off chance he survives that long
actually let's do this
have you attack i want to see something
oh she's broken she can't do anything um
all right we'll just attack it's dead
[Music]
yeah that'll kill it
for anyway that was um
[Music]
a chunk of xp and what do we get
okay not spectacular but
okay
that was the rumor right yeah that was
it
[Music]
let's just head back let's see this um
mp boost wait time enhance
reduce use count
increase attack power
and that no no not discard want to
get maximum hp yeah
not overly impressed i mean it's okay
[Music]
but
all right i don't suppose
things have been refreshed yet
or restocked
probably not it's almost the end of the
month
[Music]
oh it has and i can't afford
one more like yeah
i can technically afford two more but
i'm only gonna buy one more
thank you and
that will go on so we can really spam
those things
instead of the ori bomb
that one is the yeah that one's actually
super single target
uh that one does have no heal but
i think we'll replace that one
okay we'll go with that set up for now
let's see is there anything else we want
to see if we can manage to not get
killed by oh we have a
an event let me talk to you real quick
welcome
okay
[Music]
yeah you really do understand thank you
oh it's oscar
hey if it isn't sophie welcome sophie
what were you doing can you tell by
looking i'm drinking
tea oh that's pretty ordinary
this is a cafe of course it's ordinary
what else would you come here for
[Music]
but the tea mr horse makes is great he's
trying out all the best qualities of tea
leaves
you know about quality tea leaves of
course i do tea leaves are plants
i can hear the voices of the leaves they
want us to enjoy drinking them
i refuse to compromise on quality for
anything i serve
i put my heart into brewing each cup
i'd like you to tell that to my mom i
believe that your mother is already
quite the hard worker
yeah i think you should be the one
learning from your mom oscar
hey wait no way i'm always serious about
my work you know
well i guess i'll take your word for it
welcome now what do we have now
never sunny forest what that is an icon
i have not seen before
[Music]
let's see thank you clear these out
okay is that rumor oak thank you
okay
denver sunny forest
[Music]
is that rumor thank you very much
foggy woodlands a strange forest where
it's always raining there
is a rare treasure there but i wonder if
it's true
is that a new area
welcome which request will you accept
[Music]
i can definitely give some of these
um
[Music]
yes i could um
yeah may as well
thank you very
i guess i could do that one as well
now let's check out this place
what's our destination no
that's weird
it's foggy woodland i've been there why
is that showing up like it's some weird
rare rumor
[Music]
i'm gonna go here so i hit those uh
event spots
i can manually maneuver hey
look over there
[Music]
let's go ahead and go here
okay let's check and see
foggy woodland
okay not sure why it's saying it that
way
i wonder if we can get to that other
area now
[Music]
see if i can sneak past these guys
no i can't get over there why can i not
get over there
and i've already been here why is this
why is this a thing
[Music]
maybe if i max out the
uh area meter thing
over there it'll something will happen
[Music]
getting some wood here at least that's
often useful
okay so that's maxed out can
i sneak past you guys and get whoops
yeah these guys are no problem
there i'll go
here i go they hardly put up a fight
how am i doing on space let's go ahead
and uh
send some stuff back
why can i not get there
okay here have a big weird face thing
that was a piece of cake
[Music]
why can i not get there
yeah there is a rare treasure there but
i can't get to it
[Music]
i can find no way to get to that
maxed out the gauge
gathered a bunch of stuff
there's tons of stuff
[Music]
fought a couple enemies and not see any
boss-like enemies unless
no you chase me
you chase me his boss enemies don't
chase
yeah you chase and
hey i have no idea what i'm supposed to
do here
so i can't hop over it
[Applause]
[Music]
can't inspect anywhere near it
all right well we're going back because
i got nothing there
here i was hoping that something useful
would happen
no such luck
[Music]
which request will you accept
yeah i could do those welcome let's
check the rumors though
yeah i don't know what
i'll check out the demons sure some
fighting stuff
blue sky altar i thought i've been there
i might have actually fought that
particular monster before too
it's over this way yeah
what could that
[Music]
this shouldn't be too hard
hardest part is just sneaking past
everything to get there
come on maybe i can fight that dragon
too
[Music]
assuming this isn't too bad yeah it's
back in the other corner
[Music]
come here you
have i fought this guy before
inferior creatures let's end this
maybe not
i'm gonna do angels whisper
increase damage increase base damage
and let's yeah we'll do that to open
make sure to use the uh element resist
this is
leave it to me
now if you do that do we end up with two
rounds of that now
drilling shovel
[Music]
yeah we'll go with that
[Applause]
a sweat there okay
[Music]
well that was unimpressive
oops
and
there good enough
let's go back to fight that dragon
[Music]
while we're in this area
let's overpass these guys
here i think yeah
may as well get some good materials for
it
[Music]
assuming it doesn't completely murder us
but you know even if it does
it didn't pick up a lot this round
[Music]
do you think that 2000 helped before
does this keep going up or what
all right take this
[Applause]
a challenge fair and square i'll use an
item
[Music]
leave it to me
i think i will use the spirit weave
cloth
[Music]
immediately
and we use this to bring back that auto
revive
[Music]
probably should have switched to
defensive stance but we should be good
yeah we're good
we did it
what are those dragon hearts
didn't see those before
increases all stats by 15 and skill
power by 20.
that's not bad
all right well let's head back
[Music]
[Applause]
and let's just see if there's anything
else we can beat up
which request or let's see
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
[Music]
not really thank you for coming sophie
i'll see
yeah i think
[Music]
hmm
let's check the blacksmith i wanted to
see
what some of those weapons require
oh they need that metal that i can't
make yet
[Applause]
what weapon do you want to make yeah
they need
[Music]
harmonium
and harmonium needs
it's on the previous ones under hope
recipes i thought
i guess no
it was under mystery then right
harmonium idea from spirit crystal
great
well i think what i'll do
is i'm just going to go back to the cafe
here
[Music]
welcome which request will you
grab some of these and these
and these and these
and beat up some enemies for xp's
and uh money
go into status
because we have five more points
[Music]
i think i'll do that give her some
actually let's see
reduces damage taken i think that might
actually be
really useful for her
[Music]
now for you
increase chance of chain attacks
all stats increase
[Music]
i think i'll do that increase our single
target skill and for you
[Music]
hmm that might be useful
blessing increase might be useful holy
edge might be useful
[Music]
that's her aoe
i think i might boost her healing
abilities
so i have used that a couple times
[Music]
and for oscar
i use that all the time i'm almost
certainly going to be doing that unless
increases hp
yeah we'll do that because i use that
all i need seven points
i can't do that yet so i'll save up on
him
[Music]
but i definitely want to do that
for the moment
we'll go ahead and end it here i'm just
going to finish those monster hunts off
screen
for right now i hope you enjoyed
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlier
sophie my name is karsten
off screen i just went and fought three
or four of each of these
well six of those guys uh three
four four uh just to make a bit of money
so let's go ahead and turn those in
there was no
plot or anything that happened
so we'll turn these in welcome get the
money pass the time
[Music]
thank you
um yeah i can turn these in certainly
i got a ton of these things uh let's see
that one and that
and that one
[Music]
maybe that
and that and that
[Music]
sure that's fine
nine vouchers for all that
[Music]
and yeah
you could fight some more of those
welcome probably won't bother no rumors
here
made beautiful grudges already did that
that that
poonies are severely annoying
is that rumor well none of those are
particularly interesting right now you
know what
i want to do
it may be a bit early and we may get
horribly horribly slaughtered
but i want to see if we can end the plot
where
i'm going to go up here i'm gonna go to
the end of that area
and we're gonna see what happens this
isn't
because the worst that happens is we die
horribly
and we reload or well more likely you
just get knocked out and
sent back to the atlayer
[Music]
we get to fight you again how lovely
do i have to fight you every time we
come in here
[Music]
that's going to be really annoying
try to save most of my items so i will
use this once because it does so much
[Music]
damage
oh you're dead
you're dead
[Music]
okay go in the basket here
get people healed up more or less
um this
[Music]
recover some mp
yeah we're good
[Music]
let's head up here and
over this way ever changing stars
oh still not the end
dusk bookshelf you look like another
boss i have to fight
let's check the dust bookshelf real
quick and see what's there
[Music]
that's interesting lot seems to be near
yeah oh
[Music]
okay
there is up around this way it says
there's something
[Music]
really
it's 155 quality has question mark
traits
[Music]
really
um noisy ally
you know what i'm going to use one of
these because
uh question mark trait sounds
interesting and i don't want to risk
losing that
what's over here
can i not get there
how do i get there i go up
and around
[Music]
there's a chest
i should have saved the
[Music]
i can't discard it um
what's over here active plaza
get a few what's here anyway
you get like stupid high quality stuff
oh my word
[Music]
there is crazy good stuff here
um
let's see
[Music]
where those chests that i see on the map
i guess i have to go up and around
there are a bunch of dragons here you
look like you're guarding these
[Music]
can i nope
are you final boss
no your term oh my god
i'm gonna die horribly aren't i
i'm switching to defensive
do that right off the bat
yeah um
wow uh
this may not go good
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah we are toast
[Music]
wow not even everyone gets auto revived
okay you know this is well i get to see
what this does if he doesn't kill us all
first
[Music]
yeah we're dead we are so dead
uh i just noticed that infinite thing
[Music]
there
this fight's over i'm gonna
um sure i mean we're
[Music]
what could i lose yeah you're dead
we can hit it
that does not a lot of damage
i was really not expecting this
it's kind of funny how much we keep
reviving
oh and of course it's healed you know
what we're just gonna
attack until we die here because we're
just gonna die
because we're not doing near enough
damage and
it's just gonna slaughter us
[Music]
well hopefully we got some of those
items
[Applause]
yeah let's see what did we get
things are glowing
[Applause]
[Music]
okay that's cool
maximum hp increases by 70.
increases all stats by 15 and fire and
ice resistance
increases np and defense
[Music]
increases attack item effect by 40.
[Applause]
item will always critical hit mko target
bosses excluded
that sounds like something to put on a
cheap aoe cheap a relatively cheap hit
everything
lots of useless item for chewing through
non-boss enemies
[Music]
expert skill oh my god these things are
crazy
increase his eye background by thirty
percent
that's for armor wicking courage
enhances the material
against powerful foes and bosses
[Music]
serve 10 of damage and that's that's
from weapons right yeah
[Music]
all stats accept resistances by 25
[Applause]
[Music]
these effects are crazy
i need to figure out a way to
incorporate these into my stuff
and these are just things i picked up on
the ground there
[Music]
maybe that's like a higher level expert
dlc area there or something
is that
wait that's going to be fun to put on an
item
15 to yeah
absorb soul pretty awesome
yeah these are wow um
yeah that's
kind of crazy i'd have more if i hadn't
been
completely slaughtered by that guy i
really hope that's
just a special dlc area and not guarding
the last boss
because otherwise that's going to be
really annoying to grind out
what i need just to finish the story
let's check the cafe
welcome thank you for which request will
you accept
welcome what rumor do you
[Music]
hmm
is that room world thank you very much
yeah
doesn't like fire okay
this'll try this again thank you
[Music]
that's just a bunch of poonies
sure we'll go find a bunch of poonies
and then we'll probably just head up
there and try to gather some materials
honestly
because that's kind of crazy
so
is this the
there's just a lot of them
if i should have got the thing to kill
the gold queenies but oh well
[Music]
they hardly put up a fight
and you okay shouldn't be too bad i just
have to beat all these guys
because if i just have to beat all these
guys this is going to be pretty easy
with the possible exception of that
rainbow
but even then i should be okay with the
i
with that uh god's gift thing i have
[Music]
[Applause]
we did it a big win for us
we wouldn't get you out of the way
inferior creatures
let's end this okay
i think what i'll do
i'll just attack until it's broken
[Music]
down here i go
leave it to me there
[Music]
so
now see all these are going to go
afterwards so
[Music]
attack
yeah we'll do that and now
[Music]
now you go ahead and use that and
hopefully it'll be broken by them
[Music]
there it's broken take care of it
yeah it's touched
[Music]
didn't even have to use the item
and we got another one of those uh
rainbow pony fluids which is
always nice shouldn't be too bad
now we're back to trivial wide open
[Music]
that was a piece of cake
okay this should be an easy fight
[Music]
that's easy enough is there one more on
the map
there's a few more on the map uh this is
the other one that's not
standard
let's just go yeah let's just end it
[Music]
that was a piece of cake
any other non-standard puny around here
i don't see any other non-standard puny
and those guys just keep getting renewed
every time
so let's just head back out
[Music]
got a destination
stop by here get everything refreshed
drop those off another rainbow 20 fluid
see if there's anything else interesting
at the cafe
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
[Music]
end of rain what what what
is that rumor okay thank you
the rain at the foggy woodland has
stopped now might be a good chance to
hunt for treasure there
yeah and a book to steal souls i'll grab
that
thank you
okay i'll grab that
[Music]
out
what's our destination so first things
first we definitely need to go up here
uh because i've been wondering about
that for a while
[Music]
okay rain stopped
can we get to that point back there i
really hope we can
[Music]
excuse me yes we can
what's back here i hope it's worth the
trouble
[Music]
really seriously
physical damage affected by fence down
physical damage wait no
there's this oh no that can't even see
what they are until i get back
[Music]
that's interesting that it has both high
class
and common
[Music]
all right well when we get back we'll
see what that is but that was
quite anticlimactic
[Music]
all that treble for that
where do you intend to go next the other
one is over at the other end of
stuff isn't it yeah it's over there
[Music]
so we'll skip back
save some time
[Music]
for a second i thought we were getting a
cutscene
just to be sure
we have some things going on here
well i will track that down later
go or right now
[Music]
thank you very much you're quite welcome
i'm happy it was to your liking
hello sergi leo
ah sophie hello welcome sophie
what were you doing here i was drinking
some tea from my country adelette
huh from your country yes
it was a very nostalgic taste it brought
back many memories of my homeland
he also shared some of the tea leaves
with me i'll be able to enjoy this tea
on my own now
that sounds great anyway i'll be taking
my leave
i'll return again sometime yes i'll be
awaiting your return
so julia seemed really happy the flavors
in one's homeland are
unforgettable memories to everyone it
was
quite worth surfing it if you enjoyed it
once homeland huh i guess to the people
of christian belle
your tea is the flavor of our homeland
[Music]
i'm happy you feel that way thank you
welcome thank you
no
not sure about that one let's just go
back to the world map and fight that
book
[Music]
what's our destination
so we're in this direction probably
right
yes in the kitchen
[Music]
uh not you
did i fight this thing already i don't
remember inferior creatures
let's end this lich order no i don't
think i have
uh well we'll do that to start with
and squall shot brave soul
and sky fall shovel
[Music]
that's a little bit annoying
not the worst but i really ought to find
an aoe
healer just that single target
we'll definitely use that
[Music]
let's make sure she that she
stays alive um
keep spamming actually
let's go into defensive mode
and
light edge keep spamming [__] shot
and skyfall shovel
sort of life my shovel can fly
[Music]
there's no way to run
okay
[Music]
let's do
that it's dead anyway
i just saw him a few hit points it had
[Music]
left
okay not outstanding but
we took care of it
let's just head back
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah all stats super enhance
and speed of gods sound nice actually
[Music]
yeah not bad not bad
[Applause]
now let's see we have another cutscene
pending it looks like
[Applause]
[Music]
do you have one by the way oh you do
sophie
thanks for the other day did the
vegetables get better
yeah they're getting more and more
lively every day that's good
still you've been getting pretty amazing
lately sophie you did a great job
oh really yeah ever since plucked has
showed up your alchemy has been getting
really amazing sophie
did you find some sort of secret trick
pluckto told me to really think about
what kind of power alchemy is
what does that mean alchemy uses wishes
and desires about
wanting to become something it's
important for alchemists to listen to
the voices of materials
and then apply their own feelings to
that
wish to become something yeah that's why
lately i've been trying to take the
materials into consideration
i see anyway thanks for taking care of
this
this is my way of saying thanks
all right wow thank you so much
i'll let you know if we need anything
else okay just leave it to me
i've just rested
for any other oh
flocked us here that's unusual
[Music]
how was it it was quite well made
thank you hey plocta oh sophie
welcome sophie flucto what were you
doing
as you can see i was drinking tea
but you can't taste anything can you
that's right
wait you can't taste anything
yes however i can determine its
composition
i see that's quite surprising i've never
served a customer like this
if i may suggest if you change the tea
leaves from two and
a half spoons to two and one third
spoons you'll be able to draw out better
flavor
uh i see and anyway i'll be going for
today
[Music]
oh she left
i've never been given advice like that
either
she's very unique
so who else was here that wasn't
standard
let's check the clock shop real quick
harold i'm here for a visit huh
hey did you just look at me and laugh
why
oh sorry i was just reminded about the
past
the past back when you were little he'd
always come over to play
uh yeah that's right your dad and my
grandma were good friends
well they talked together you'd always
play with me
yeah it's pretty rough babysitting you
you're always up to mischief
i was just a little kid you can't really
blame me
still you're sure i've grown up since
then you're even running that out later
by yourself i hear people talk about
your atlea at times and it's always good
sounds like you've been working pretty
hard lately really
i'm kind of happy about that
i don't know if my opinion means much
but i think you're doing pretty well
so you should be more confident
yeah i got it thanks
[Music]
still i never thought little sophie
would grow up to be like this
i'm feeling old now
[Applause]
now this is the exit
and let's go ahead and
while we're here
no no no one unusual there
all right well for right now
actually one more thing
what's monica doing over here
[Music]
[Laughter]
ah sophie it's unusual to see you at the
bookstore
yeah what kind of book are you looking
for hmm there's nothing in particular
that i want
but i was thinking about buying anything
that looks interesting
[Music]
you read all kinds of books monica yes
although not as many as you elise
hey monica why do you read so many books
well i want to know a wide variety of
things
so it's mainly out of curiosity there's
no harm in knowing many things
wow you you're really enthusiastic about
it
really yeah but it's not good to read
too much you know
both you and elise have to wear glasses
my acid isn't as bad as elise's i can
get fined i can get by fine without
wearing my glasses
i don't mind as long as i can read but
you use a sword monica
is it really okay for you to have bad
eyesight
i'm fine if i have my glasses on besides
these glasses are very light
that sounds convenient
sounds like there's all kinds of glasses
yes it's something i wear every day so i
worry about it more than clothes
it's like a part of your body i didn't
know
anyway i'll be going now see you again
yeah
come back anytime
hello elise welcome sophie
hey elise can you give me another quiz
oh i don't mind at all are you confident
that you can pass it
i think so then let's begin
all right i'll do my best i was not
prepared for this
this will be the first question what's
this town's name
uh kirsten bell
[Music]
that's a relief i would have been really
worried if you got that one wrong
i think i'll pick this is the second
question four types of weather sunny
cloudy rain
and well since one of these
things we need to find is a thunderstorm
in a certain area
i'm gonna guess thunderstorm
[Music]
all right i think i can do this question
is
maybe this one which day is the weekend
um
[Music]
is it i think it's flour and fruit
i i this is what i
don't know no
incorrect that's too bad
must be fruit and seed
oh well that was
annoying i'll just check in here real
quick while we're
in the area fritz i wanted to continue
our conversation from the other day
the other day what are you talking about
it's about your daughter
ah what about her what do you mean what
about her you need to go and look for
her
your daughter might be really worried or
scared right now
see her scared that's unthinkable
huh really yeah she's like the
embodiment of curiosity
it doesn't matter what kind of trouble
she's in she'll have fun not be scared
i see also i've taught my daughter to
use swords
no monster would catch her unprepared
she sounds pretty amazing she's my
daughter after all
she'll be just fine without me around if
i have the time to go searching for
i'd be better off working on my dolls
huh um there's something i was curious
about
which do you like more your daughter or
dolls
my daughter or dolls i
you want me to choose only one
um he's having that heart of a time i
can't i can't choose it's fine never
mind i'll be going now
oh amy learned a skill from that
and that is
[Music]
increases base damage only 30 to 50
what are you doing 4867 okay yeah i
guess that's
because i haven't been paying much
attention to how much base damage really
is
lately but i think that's gonna be it
for now
hope you enjoyed thanks for watching and
i will see you next time